Who we are Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale. Working at Samsara means you’ll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that’s shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, and Equipment Monitoring. As part of a recently public company, you’ll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. About the role: Samsara is seeking a highly entrepreneurial and strategic Principal Product Manager to lead our Worker Safety initiative. This is a critical "zero-to-one" opportunity to take an early-access product and define its long-term market position. You will act as the single-threaded owner, providing the core strategy and market fit that this initiative needs to transition to a fully scalable business solution. The ideal candidate is a relentless problem-solver—someone who can navigate an unscripted roadmap, engage directly with customers, and quantify the business opportunity with first-principles thinking. This is a remote position open to candidates residing in the US. You should apply if: Customer Discovery & Immersion : Conduct intensive customer research onsite with our clientele. Learn their business to determine the go forward strategy of this product area. Value Distillation : Translate complex customer feedback into a clear value proposition, identifying the specific financial "prize" and ROI associated with solving worker safety challenges. Roadmap Architecture : Bridge the gap between firmware engineering and software execution to define and deliver the "Version 2" product roadmap. Strategic Leadership : Evaluate the broader market landscape to determine Samsara's long-term "right to win" in this sector. AI-Driven Prototyping : Leverage AI tools and creative visualizations to build demos and iterate on product concepts at high velocity. In this role, you will: Customer discovery and market validation through launch and scale. Conduct deep market and user research to uncover unmet needs in physical operations and translate them into differentiated product opportunities. Define and communicate a compelling product vision and roadmap that balances customer value, technical feasibility, and business impact. Collaborate closely with engineering and design to build full-stack solutions, leveraging your technical understanding to make tradeoffs and accelerate delivery. Partner with go-to-market teams (sales, customer success, marketing) to win strategic deals, scale adoption, and inform future product direction. Establish success metrics, track performance, and iterate quickly to ensure products deliver measurable impact for customers and revenue growth for Samsara. Champion, role model, and embed Samsara’s cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team). Minimum requirements for the role: Experience : 8+ years of Product Management experience, with a track record of success in high-growth, scrappy environments. Zero-to-One Mindset : Proven ability to build products from the ground up where no playbook exists. Analytical Rigor : Exceptional first-principles thinking and the ability to quantify market opportunities and prioritize engineering directions based on conviction. Communication : Strong ability to "pitch" a visi