Who we are Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale. Working at Samsara means you’ll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that’s shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, and Equipment Monitoring. As part of a recently public company, you’ll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. About the role: Samsara’s Go-To-Market Systems (GTMS) team builds the internal products that power how Samsara sells — the quoting, approvals, and opportunity workflows that thousands of sellers rely on every day. As a Senior Business Technology Product Manager on our Sales Execution pod, you’ll own the seller experience end to end: finding the highest-friction moments in the deal cycle and shipping solutions that make our sellers faster, more accurate, and more confident. This is a builder’s product role. You won’t just write requirements and hand them off; you’ll prototype, build, and iterate directly, using modern AI tools to raise your own leverage, with engineering partnering to harden your work for scale. You’ll partner closely with Sales, Deal Desk, Finance, and Engineering to translate complex go-to-market problems into scalable, measurable solutions across Salesforce and our CPQ/quote-to-cash stack. [US Posting] This is a remote position open to candidates residing in the US except Alaska, Austin Metro, Boulder Metro, California, Chicago Metro, Connecticut, Dallas Metro, Denver Metro, Houston Metro, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, and Seattle Metro. You should apply if: You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact – helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely. You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won’t be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment. You’re energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers. You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-calibre team that will encourage you to do your best. In this role, you will: Own the roadmap for seller-facing quoting, approvals, and opportunity workflows across Salesforce and CPQ — turning ambiguous go-to-market problems into shipped solutions with clear, measurable outcomes. Discover and prioritize ruthlessly: partner deeply with Sales, Deal Desk, and Finance to find the highest-leverage problems, define what success looks like, and decide what not to build. Build, don’t just spec: create clickable prototypes, stand up your own dashboards and data models, and ship internal tools and AI-assisted workflows — with engineering partnering to harden them for scale. Own what you ship as a living product: instrument adoption, track usage and business impact, and iterate — treating internal tools and agents with the same rigor as a customer-facin