We're transforming the grocery industry At Instacart, we invite the world to share love through food because we believe everyone should have access to the food they love and more time to enjoy it together. Where others see a simple need for grocery delivery, we see exciting complexity and endless opportunity to serve the varied needs of our community. We work to deliver an essential service that customers rely on to get their groceries and household goods, while also offering safe and flexible earnings opportunities to Instacart Personal Shoppers. Instacart has become a lifeline for millions of people, and we’re building the team to help push our shopping cart forward. If you’re ready to do the best work of your life, come join our table. Instacart is a Flex First team There’s no one-size fits all approach to how we do our best work. Our employees have the flexibility to choose where they do their best work—whether it’s from home, an office, or your favorite coffee shop—while staying connected and building community through regular in-person events. Learn more about our flexible approach to where we work. Overview About the Role This role sits at the center of one of our most important Enterprise product bets: giving retailers significantly more control over how they differentiate and extend their digital experiences. The PM will define how retailers move beyond standard configurations to create experiences that feel truly their own, using a combination of AI-assisted customization, extensibility, and integrations. This is a highly ambiguous problem space with limited precedent, significant latitude to set the vision, and regular visibility with senior executives. The right person will bring exceptional product judgment, very high throughput decision making, and strong technical acumen. They will be able to partner deeply with senior engineers, align a complex group of stakeholders around a long-term vision and challenge conventional approaches when necessary. The role also requires serving as a strategic product partner to retailers, working alongside commercial counterparts and multiple R&D teams to translate sophisticated retailer needs into cohesive, scalable, enterprise-ready solutions. About the Team Instacart’s Enterprise Platform team builds the white-label products that enable retailers of all sizes to compete online through their own ecommerce experiences. The team is focused on platform growth and long-term retailer success — from onboarding new partners to helping retailers acquire, serve, and retain their customers in ways that reflect their unique brand, strategy, and capabilities. About the Job Own the long-term vision, strategy, and roadmap for enabling retailers to create differentiated experiences on top of their storefronts, giving them significantly more control while maintaining appropriate platform guardrails. Build AI-assisted tools that make sophisticated customization dramatically easier and faster for retailers and internal teams. Define the right balance between retailer flexibility and platform coherence — enabling meaningful differentiation while preserving conversion, reliability, maintainability, and the other core value the platform provides. Expand the platform’s extensibility so retailers can support increasingly sophisticated use cases and connect their storefronts with the broader technology ecosystems they rely on. Partner directly with sophisticated enterprise retailers to understand their technical and business needs, shape product strategy, and drive solutions that can scale across the broader platform. Work closely with engineering, design, commercial, and other product teams to turn an ambitious long-term vision into a high-velocity roadmap and measurable customer outcomes. About You Minimum Qualifications 8+ years of B2B product management or similar experience Strong experience operating at the intersection of product and go-to-market, working closely with enterprise sales, marketing