Who we are About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career. About the team Our Product Marketing team’s mission is to generate customer insights that inform Stripe’s product strategy, and lead go-to-market for our suite of products. Product Marketing is a highly cross-functional role at Stripe, partnering closely with Product and Engineering, Sales, Partnerships, Demand Generation and Campaigns to name a few. Different from many other Product Marketing teams, our team works across the entire product lifecycle, from helping shape the product, to driving launch and commercialization, to growing product adoption post-launch. We also drive both self-serve and sales-sold marketing efforts. What you’ll do We’re seeking an experienced product marketer to drive the end-to-end GTM strategy and execution for Link and Financial Connections. As a Product Marketing Manager, you will shape the product roadmap, own and evolve messaging and positioning, create differentiated content for events, marketing materials, presentations, support product launches, and enable sales. Reporting to the Head of Link Marketing, you’ll partner with product and sales teams to drive awareness and adoption in a rapidly evolving market. Responsibilities Work closely with product, partnerships, and partner marketing (demand generation) teams to build a marketing strategy, with the goal of driving awareness, demand, and usage of our products Drive end-to-end product launches, including define audience segments, gather user insights, craft launch narratives, inform pricing and packaging, ensure cross-functional readiness, and execute launch activities Develop differentiated messaging and positioning, equip GTM teams with knowledge and content to sell and market effectively Create high-impact thought leadership content Who you are We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement. Minimum requirements 7+ years of product marketing experience at a technology company Experience developing messaging, positioning, and sales enablement materials Strong verbal and written communication; able to translate technical features into customer-facing benefits Experience managing cross-functional GTM efforts, including working closely with product, sales, and marketing teams Be able to leverage data to proactively identify opportunities and drive impactful results.