🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London or Remote (UK) | 💰 £94,700 - £111,400 ➕ incentive awards tied to your performance | Benefits | Hear from the team ⭐ About the role We're looking for a hands-on, detail-oriented and proactive Operational Tax Senior Manager to support the Tax team at Monzo, and our wider Finance and Product teams. You'll be joining our Tax Team and will be leading on all taxes that touch our customers and their tax reporting, across the UK and Europe. You’ll report into our Tax Governance Lead. This role covers all taxes that relate to customer liabilities or customer tax reporting. These are a core part of product design: we make sure we comply with our own obligations, and we make it as easy as possible for customers to comply with theirs. As we launch new products and enter new markets, this is a key area of our tax strategy, and this role gives you the exciting opportunity to own it and work closely with diverse teams across the business. 🔑 You’ll play a key role by… Owning operational tax: Be Monzo’s subject matter expert on operational tax, advising the business and making sure we meet our obligations as we grow and enter new markets. Leading compliance & controls: Own our operational tax processes and controls across jurisdictions, including BBSI, ISA reporting, FATCA and CRS, Corporate Criminal Offence and CT61s, plus overseas equivalents. Build new processes and controls as our products and markets evolve. Shaping new products: Partner with Product and local market teams from the outset to embed tax into product design, build the right reporting and controls, and pressure-test edge cases. Staying ahead of change: Keep on top of tax laws, regulations and case law across the UK and EU, translating changes into clear actions and helping Monzo prepare for new requirements. Partnering across Monzo: Work closely with Product, Financial Crime, Engineering, Legal, EU Next Markets and Finance to solve problems and support business initiatives from an operational tax perspective. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You’re a qualified accountant and/or qualified tax advisor, or qualified by significant experience. You have significant in-house experience working in Operational Tax. You’re comfortable working relatively autonomously. You’re energetic and are hands-on with your work, tackling whatever needs doing to make things happen. You have an eye for detail and enjoy working methodically through processes. What we’re doing at Monzo excites you! 🙌 What’s in it for you 💰 £94,700 - £111,400 + incentive awards tied to your performance 📍 We're open to distributed working within the UK, with the expectation of working from the London office on occasional basis. ⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team. 📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences. 🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup. ➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits . 🌈 The application journey has 4 key steps Phone