Join us in building the future of finance. Our mission is to democratize finance for all. An estimated $124 trillion of assets will be inherited by younger generations in the next two decades. The largest transfer of wealth in human history. If you’re ready to be at the epicenter of this historic cultural and financial shift, keep reading. About the team + role Robinhood set out to open the financial system to the many, not the few. We've done it for tens of millions of people in the US—now we're taking it global. This is one of the most ambitious initiatives for the company, and you'd be sitting at the center of it. We're building an elite team that applies frontier technology to the world's biggest financial problems. We want bold thinkers, sharp problem-solvers, and builders who are wired to make an impact. Robinhood isn't a place for complacency—it's where ambitious people do the best work of their careers. Expectations are high. So are the rewards. As a Senior Product Manager for the Crypto Onchain team, you'll be responsible for Robinhood's crypto wallet. You'll work to understand what customers need on their first day, first week and first month and deliver it in a simple, easy-to-understand experience. Whether it's improving our sign-up process or the self-custody experience, you'll be responsible for rolling out the red carpet for every new customer, setting them up for success in their financial lives. This role is based in our Menlo Park, CA and New York, NY offices, with in-person attendance expected at least 3 days per week. At Robinhood, we believe in the power of in-person work to accelerate progress, spark innovation, and strengthen community. Our office experience is intentional, energizing, and designed to fully support high-performing teams. What you'll do Drive the product roadmap for Robinhood Wallet, evolving the existing experience while defining what’s next—including new products and localized experiences for priority markets Partner with research, data science, engineering, and design to understand new customers, identify their most pressing needs, and translate insights into product strategy Build strong, collaborative relationships across design, engineering, operations, and other cross-functional partners to align teams and drive execution at both the team and organizational levels Lead the launch of intuitive, high-impact products in partnership with communications, content, and marketing teams, ensuring experiences are easy to understand and use What you bring 5+ years of experience building and shipping high-quality consumer products Demonstrated history of using research, experimentation and analytics to guide decision making Past experience working closely with design and UXR Extremely curious Excellent communication and collaboration skills Motivated self-starter Ability to set high-level strategy + execute with cross-functional teams Well-versed in the current crypto wallet market Deep knowledge of onchain culture and products — ideally an active onchain trader Past experience in fintech or trading Deep experience with the latest AI tooling such as Claude Code, Gemini, Cursor, or ChatGPT. What we offer Market competitive and pay equity-focused compensation structure 100% paid health insurance for employees with 90% coverage for dependents Annual lifestyle wallet for personal wellness, learning and development, and more! Lifetime maximum benefit for family forming and fertility benefits Dedicated mental health support for employees and eligible dependents Generous time away including company holidays, paid time off, sick time, parental leave, and more! Lively office environment with catered meals, fully stocked kitchens, and geo-specific commuter benefits Our team is committed to providing an inclusive and welcoming interview experience for all candidates. If you require a specific accommodation during the application or interview process due to a physical or mental condition, please complete 