About Us At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in. Available Locations: Austin, Colorado, Atlanta, Toronto, San Francisco, New York About the role As a Senior Product Manager at Cloudflare, you will be responsible for building products that improve the way that the Internet works. Product Managers at Cloudflare shape high-level product goals but also get our hands dirty. On an average day, you might pitch a concept to senior leadership, collaborate with marketing, conduct user research, prototype a new feature, iterate on a spec, analyze usage data, and pair with an engineer on implementation. Responsibilities As the product manager for Organization and Partner Experiences, you will be responsible for building the management plane that helps everyone, but especially enterprises and partners like resellers, MSSPs, and OEMs scale their use of Cloudflare across multiple accounts. This is a deeply collaborative role which requires a healthy blend of technical background, user experience, and business savvy. You will: Own your space. You will own the priorities and scope for a high performing engineering team focusing on building the Organizations management plane at Cloudflare. Connect the pieces. Product managers are a nerve center at Cloudflare, responsible for connecting engineering, program management, marketing, revenue, and partners to make sure that our ships go out on time and with the maximum impact. Excel across teams. Enterprise capabilities cut across all of our product verticals, so you should be comfortable working with product managers across the company to prioritize systemic improvements that our enterprise customers need. Be customer obsessed. You will be responsible for directly engaging with customers and understanding how they use our products. You’ll bring these insights back to the team to build a great roadmap. Be data driven. You should be comfortable working with data, and analyzing data to quantify the impact of problems and opportunities in your space. Desirable Skills, Knowledge, and Experience: 6+ years of experience as a product manager, technical program manager, or equivalent delivering solutions in the cloud at scale for a technical audience Customer focus. At Cloudflare, we serve the needs of customers large and small, and our product managers need to be comfortable understanding how to design for enterprises without compromising the experience for individuals and small businesses. User experience sense. You’re comfortable working wi