Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. It’s a big mission, and even though we've made a lot of headway, we still have work to do — and that’s where you come in! Our Product Managers (PMs) have ownership over product optimizations and features, from independently run experiments to major product decisions . Backed by strong analytical skills and business acumen, and inspired by access to senior leadership and transparency into how they make product decisions, our PMs develop insights that lead to new product ideas and Duolingo’s next beloved feature. Join our life-changing mission to develop education for our half a billion (and growing!) learners around the world. About the role... We’re looking for a Senior Product Manager to drive monetization and growth across Duolingo’s consumer product. In this role, you’ll identify and execute high-impact opportunities to grow the number of subscribers — improving how users discover, experience, and choose paid offerings. You’ll work across product, marketing, data science, and design to build and optimize user journeys, run experiments, and develop systems that scale. This is a high-impact role with direct ownership of business outcomes, and the opportunity to flex across a range of growth and monetization problems as our product evolves. 🧠 You will... Build and optimize user experiences that drive conversion, retention, and long-term value Identify high-impact opportunities through data, research, and experimentation Partner with design to create simple, intuitive, and compelling user experiences Work cross-functionally with marketing, data science, and engineering to deliver end-to-end solutions Define strategy and prioritize across multiple growth and monetization initiatives Move quickly in ambiguous areas, bringing structure and clarity to complex problems ✅ You have... Experience driving measurable outcomes in consumer products (e.g., growth, retention, or monetization) Strong product judgment and a track record of running experiments to improve performance Comfort working with data and making decisions in imperfect or evolving environments Ability to collaborate effectively across teams and influence without authority A bias toward action and ownership, with a focus on delivering results The offered salary is dependent upon several factors, including work experience, skills, and internal peer comparisons. The posted range is subject to change in the future. For this role, base salary is supplemented by equity compensation. We encourage you to talk with your recruiter for more information related to compensation for this role! Salary Range: ¥804,949 — ¥1,088,971 CNY Benefits: Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits here . Job Alerts: Sign up for job alerts here . Accommodations: We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact accommodations@duolingo.com . Equal Employment Opportunity: Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. Fraud Warning: Unfortunately, there is a rise in scammers pretending to be real Duolingo employees. Duolingo and our employees will never ask for your Social Security number, bank details, or passport info, and we’ll never ask you to deposit a check, purchase equipment, or exchange money during the interview process. Real Duolingo employees always use an email that ends in @duolingo.com or @recruiting.duolingo.com. Stay alert and double