About us GoCardless, a Mollie company, is a global leader in bank payments. Over 100,000 businesses, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect, manage and send bank payments through Direct Debit, real-time payments and open banking. With US$130bn+ processed annually across 30+ countries, we handle recurring and one-off payments without the chasing, stress, or expensive fees. Our end-to-end payment platform also features AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud, alongside connections to over 350 platforms businesses use everyday. We are headquartered in the UK, with teams and operations spanning North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. For more information, please visit www.gocardless.com and follow us on LinkedIn @GoCardless. Mollie is the leading payments and financial services partner for business, rooted in Europe, with global reach. The role This role will be working at the heart of the GoCardless product in our Payment Flows team, within the Bank Payment Network Group. The team ensures that merchant money is settled quickly, with high certainty, on every payment scheme we provide. You will define and build propositions that provide market leading outcomes: building the capabilities to settle money faster, leveraging ML to confirm payments sooner, and unlocking payment capabilities that give merchants the best experience. The Senior Product Manager will work closely with the team’s Engineering Manager and Data Scientist to lead the product improvements that help our customers and drive revenue. You will also collaborate closely with Product Marketing, Customer Success, and other Product teams to achieve great outcomes for our customers and work towards our product vision. What excites you Delivering customer and business value : Being relentlessly focused on understanding and solving the customer problems which result in them using GoCardless as much as they can. Problem discovery and prioritisation: Taking complex and ambiguous product problems and structuring these effectively. This includes clearly defining the problem space, the impact of the problem and your prioritisation process. Data-led decision-making: Using quantitative and qualitative evidence to support your decisions and opportunity identification. Defining Product Strategy: Identifying key customer segments, and our approach to meeting their needs over the longer term in ways that create value for them and GoCardless Influencing and communication: Building collaborative relationships with your team, stakeholders and executives to deliver change effectively across your remit. This includes growing to become the ‘go-to’ person for your product area; translating complex, technical problems into understandable concepts; and convincing stakeholders of the best approach using structured reasoning. Leadership: Setting direction and coordinating action across a range of teams and functions Shipping stuff: Working with your team to support changes to completion, delivering consistent positive impact across your product area. Being comfortable delivering a range of projects: from MVP experiments testing a hypothesis to a new feature. What excites us Delivery of impact: You are focused on delivering business value through experimentation and have experience of doing that. Exceptional problem-solving and analytical skills: We want our Product Managers to have an outstanding ability to tackle valuable customer and business problems. At GoCardless we start by asking ‘why?’, and a data-led approach is central to how we run Product. You have a customer centric approach and are comfortable with qualitative and quantitative analysis. High agency: We’re after people who aren’t afraid of a challenge and will take ownership of problems they come across and help to resolve them and adapt to a constantly changing environment. Collaborative leaders: Product roles bring responsibility without direct authority. We’re looking for leaders who c