Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. It’s a big mission, and even though we've made a lot of headway, we still have work to do — and that’s where you come in! Our Product Managers (PMs) have ownership over product optimizations and features, from independently run experiments to major product decisions . Backed by strong analytical skills and business acumen, and inspired by access to senior leadership and transparency into how they make product decisions, our PMs develop insights that lead to new product ideas and Duolingo’s next beloved feature. Join our life-changing mission to develop education for our half a billion (and growing!) learners around the world. About the role... Come and be a product lead within our Growth Pillar. Growth is core to our mission at Duolingo; helping users find and build a habit with language learning is tied to our ability to make the product fun and engaging every single day. We work on a wide variety of features that build and strengthen habits, like streaks, quests, leaderboards, notifications, and are always inventing new features to address user needs. You’ll own product strategy and execution across a broad set of opportunities to improve our user retention, with an eye towards DAUs as our north star. Our app is extremely visual, so you’ll work closely with Product Design and Product Writing to make sure users understand and appreciate any new feature, and you’ll work closely with Engineering to understand how we bring it to life. We’re looking for someone who can work cross-functionally to develop new ideas, run fast experiments, and turn what we learn into product strategy that helps more learners build lasting habits. 🧠 You will... Own product strategy and execution for a new growth team, from identifying opportunities to shipping and iterating on solutions Drive the team’s roadmap across high-impact workstreams, with DAUs as the north star Lead product features through their full lifecycle: ideation, prioritization, specification, development, launch, analysis, and iteration Work closely with engineers, data scientists, ML/AI partners, product writers, and designers to create more retentive experiences ￼ ￼ Improve core team metrics such as retention (short and long term), L7, and relevant feature adoption / usage Partner closely with leadership to help shape the direction of one of Duolingo’s top teams for driving top-line impact ✅ You have... Experience generating outstanding results as a Product Manager on a consumer mobile product Significant experience working on growth or growth-adjacent product surfaces, ideally owning DAU/WAU or retention metrics Experience owning product strategy and execution for a growth-related feature, including identifying new opportunities, prioritizing work, and driving launches from concept through iteration Strong product instincts and analytical judgment, with the ability to use experiments and data to make meaningful decisions Ability to independently drive alignment and make progress in ambiguous spaces without waiting to be told what to do Excitement about moving quickly, learning from fast experimentation, and shaping product strategy Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Business, Design, Psychology, or equivalent ⭐ Exceptional candidates will have... Advanced degree in Business, Computer Science, Design, Psychology, or equivalent Experience working on consumer products with high-frequency engagement loops (e.g., health, wellness, fitness, mobile games) ￼ Strong judgment for how to balance short and long term retention, particularly in a freemium app with monetization (either IAPs or subscriptions) as a guardrail The offered salary is dependent upon several factors, including work experience, skills, and internal peer comparisons. The posted range is subject to change in the future. For this role, base salary is supplemented by equity compensation. We encourage you to talk with you