About Us At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in. Location: Austin About the Role Cloudflare has embarked on a transformation of our entire quote to cash process. We’re looking for a seasoned product manager who will take charge of these processes, providing leadership, communication and accountability for successful delivery. You will: Own your space. You will manage a set of key products in the Quote to Cash lifecycle, directly impacting our various Partners around the world. Additionally, this role will directly support the AI Monetization motions for Cloudflare's numerous AI focused offerings. Work horizontally. Disparate groups like Engineering, Program Management, Finance, Revenue Operations, Business Intelligence and external vendors like Stripe and Salesforce all need to keep plans aligned and work together to deliver commitments. Span timescales. Short term deliverables like supporting product launches, medium term ones like migrating billing progresses and longer term ones like a full ERP implementation all need to be serviced. The urgent cannot starve the important. Span domains. You need to simultaneously let other teams rely on the roadmaps you publish while being responsive to the interrupt-driven nature of the business. When shifts do occur, you need to proactively communicate with other teams to maintain trust. Commit to quality. Our #1 priority is to have an accurate picture of revenue and service of our customers but we also have numerous other concerns like speed of innovation and advancing the roadmap. Communicate and collaborate. Essential to the success of this program is the ability to listen, learn, synthesize and communicate outwards as well as influence through persuasion. Represent Cloudflare. Many of our largest customers want to speak to us about their concerns and our plans in the billing domain. You will spend time learning from them. Provide and demand accountability. You are responsible for the delivery of your commitments and you will hold your peers and subordinates accountable for theirs. Some of the domains you will touch include : Billing, Invoicing, Sales & Opportunity management, Credit & Collections, Pricing & Quoting, Contract & Entitlement Management, Partners & Resellers, Taxation, Bad debt, BI Reporting, ERP Implementation. Desirable Skills Demonstrated success delivering technology solutions in the Billing space Knowledge of best practices for in fintech, financial reporting, compliance or other similar domain at a Sa