We're transforming the grocery industry At Instacart, we invite the world to share love through food because we believe everyone should have access to the food they love and more time to enjoy it together. Where others see a simple need for grocery delivery, we see exciting complexity and endless opportunity to serve the varied needs of our community. We work to deliver an essential service that customers rely on to get their groceries and household goods, while also offering safe and flexible earnings opportunities to Instacart Personal Shoppers. Instacart has become a lifeline for millions of people, and we’re building the team to help push our shopping cart forward. If you’re ready to do the best work of your life, come join our table. Instacart is a Flex First team There’s no one-size fits all approach to how we do our best work. Our employees have the flexibility to choose where they do their best work—whether it’s from home, an office, or your favorite coffee shop—while staying connected and building community through regular in-person events. Learn more about our flexible approach to where we work. Overview Instacart's Design & Research org is a team of ~100 designers, researchers, and content experts dedicated to making grocery shopping effortless for everyone across our four-sided marketplace. The Fulfillment team sits at the heart of the Instacart experience, owning the key moments that determine whether an order goes right — from the moment a customer places an order to delivery at their door. We're looking for a Senior Product Designer to own key Order Quality design work, partnering closely with 3+ product managers and their engineering teams across some of the most complex and high-visibility problem spaces at Instacart. This role is a rare opportunity to make a deep, measurable impact on an experience that touches every Instacart customer and, in many cases, our Shopper experience as well. About the Job Own key Order Quality design initiatives end-to-end — from zero-to-one concept exploration through execution-level delivery — across multiple concurrent projects spanning consumer and shopper experiences. Become the go-to domain expert for Order Quality, building deep knowledge across active workstreams and proactively maintaining continuity on previously approved work while absorbing net-new asks from the product team. Serve as a trusted thought partner to 3+ product managers — collaborating on product strategy, using design to help envision solutions at scale, and partnering closely with engineering teams to ensure execution-level handoff is thorough, accurate, and actionable. Navigate seamlessly between high-level strategic conversations with design and product leadership and detailed, craft-focused execution work — including Figma flows, polish passes, and design systems collaboration. Build strong cross-functional relationships across product, engineering, research, data science, and brand; represent Order Quality design in crits, reviews, and stakeholder presentations — including to heads of Product and Design. Apply modern AI tools in daily workflows to accelerate exploration, prototyping, and iteration, bringing a forward-looking point of view on how AI can improve both the design process and the customer experience. About You Minimum Qualifications 6+ years designing consumer-facing digital products across web and mobile, with a portfolio demonstrating complex, multi-step product journeys and measurable outcomes. Demonstrated ability to own work end-to-end — from early problem framing and zero-to-one concept development through high-quality execution and delivery — without delegating either end of the spectrum. Experience working across multiple complex problem spaces simultaneously, collaborating with several product and engineering teams in a fast-paced environment. Strong communication skills with a track record of presenting work confidently to cross-functional partners and senior/executive stakehold