About Pinterest: Millions of people around the world come to our platform to find creative ideas, dream about new possibilities and plan for memories that will last a lifetime. At Pinterest, we’re on a mission to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love, and that starts with the people behind the product. Discover a career where you ignite innovation for millions, transform passion into growth opportunities, celebrate each other’s unique experiences and embrace the flexibility to do your best work. Creating a career you love? It’s Possible. At Pinterest, AI isn't just a feature, it's a powerful partner that augments our creativity and amplifies our impact, and we’re looking for candidates who are excited to be a part of that. To get a complete picture of your experience and abilities, we’ll explore your foundational skills and how you collaborate with AI. Through our interview process, what matters most is that you can always explain your approach, showing us not just what you know, but how you think. You can read more about our AI interview philosophy and how we use AI in our recruiting process here . Intro: We’re looking for a highly adaptable Principal Product Designer, AI Native to join our Core design team. You’ll support projects and teams across the suite of Pinterest business products, ramping up quickly where help is needed most. You’ll collaborate with teammates in a dynamic environment, regularly tackling new design challenges. What you’ll do: Establish the strategic direction and product vision for our most complex problems, including the future of integrating AI based assistive tools into our consumer product, while bridging the gap between vision and execution Be at the forefront of major design initiatives and broadcast the efforts of the design team across Pinterest Set and refine the design quality bar, in partnership with design leadership, through our principles and design system Be responsible for mentoring and helping grow talent within the team What we’re looking for: 12+ years with a track record of shipping inspiring well built experiences leveraging the latest technology Experience with LLMs, prompt shaping/engineering, prototyping, and working on AI product flows and with agentic systems A respected designer and product thinker that has mastered their craft and cohesive product strategy, ideally a renaissance person with endless curiosity A mentor who is energized by growing others’ careers and knows how to motivate a team An inspiring communicator that represents creative work, builds trust and influences alignment of our creative vision across marketing, PR and product A portfolio demonstrating breadth and creativity and proven experience in product design, design thinking and product strategy Bachelor’s degree in design, a related field or equivalent experience Relocation Statement: This position is not eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our PinFlex page to learn more about our working model. In-Office Requirement Statement: We let the type of work you do guide the collaboration style. That means we're not always working in an office, but we continue to gather for key moments of collaboration and connection. This role will need to be in the office for in-person collaboration 1-2 times every 6-months, and therefore can be situated anywhere in the country. #LI-REMOTE #LI-JD3 At Pinterest we believe the workplace should be equitable, inclusive, and inspiring for every employee. In an effort to provide greater transparency, we are sharing the base salary range for this position. The position is also eligible for equity. Final salary is based on a number of factors including location, travel, relevant prior experience, or particular skills and expertise. Information regarding the culture at Pinterest and benefits available for this position can be found here . US based applicants only $210,161 — $432,684 USD Our Commitment to Inclusion: Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer 