Who we are Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale. Working at Samsara means you’ll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that’s shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, and Equipment Monitoring. As part of a recently public company, you’ll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term. About this role: As a designer at Samsara, you will drive design and execution for strategic initiatives, delivering end-to-end experiences that impact our customers and support key business objectives. We’re looking for someone who is excited to shape the daily experience of our customers across industries such as transportation and logistics, construction, food and beverage, government and more. In this role, you will collaborate closely with Product and Engineering to identify customer needs, explore design solutions, and deliver value. You will also engage directly with customers and leverage their feedback throughout your process. You will be expected to influence strategy and ship well-crafted designs that make our customers’ operations more efficient, safe, and sustainable. This is a remote role open to candidates residing in the US. You should apply if: You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact: helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely. You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won’t be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment. You’re energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers. You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-calibre team that will encourage you to do your best. In this role, you will: Lead large, ambiguous projects, shipping high-impact designs that unlock significant customer and business value. Collaborate closely with product and engineering on strategy, planning, and execution. Work directly with customers to understand their needs, validate designs, and inform the strategy. Influence the design team through mentorship and actively contribute to shaping our culture. Champion, role model, and embed Samsara’s cultural principles (Focus on Customer Success, Build for the Long Term, Adopt a Growth Mindset, Be Inclusive, Win as a Team) as the company scales globally across new offices. Minimum requirements for the role: 6+ years of product design experience designing UX/UI for web & mobile applications. Proven comparable design expertise in interaction and visual design. A strong portfolio and / or case studies showcasing design craft and ability to solve user-problems with quantified impact. We cannot consider applications without a portfolio at this time. Demonstrated proficiency in using AI tools (e.g. Cursor, Figma Make) to accelerate workflows, boost creativity, and prototype efficiently. T