Ready to do the most impactful work of your career? At Coinbase , we are uncompromising on our mission to increase economic freedom. The bar is high, the environment is intense, and we like it that way. This isn't a place for complacency, it’s a place to be pushed past your perceived limits. If you're ready to build the future of finance alongside people who refuse to settle for "good enough," you belong here. Coinbase is a remote-first, but not remote-only company. Expect to get together quarterly for intense in-person working sessions called “surges.” learn more about working at Coinbase . Data Science is an integral component of Coinbase’s product and decision making process: we work in partnership with Product, Engineering and Design to influence the roadmap and better understand our users. With a deep expertise in experimentation, analytics and advanced modeling, we produce insights which directly move the company’s bottom line. As a Data Scientist in the consumer org, you'll apply these skills to improve the customer experience across Coinbase's consumer products—spot and advanced trading, yield, Coinbase One (CB1), international expansion, and new launches (including prediction markets and equities trading). You'll define and instrument key metrics, build measurement and causal frameworks, and translate insights into product strategy and shipped improvements. What you'll be doing: Conduct analysis and deep dives on ambiguous problems for our business. Your work will result in insights and recommendations that guide the team’s decision making. Act as owner for a broad scope of data and metrics, from core logging to presentation of data visualizations. Guide code reviews, provide SQL and Python expertise, and create well-maintained ETL jobs. Maintain a high bar for statistical rigor on your team. Ensure that we’re conducting experimentation and causal analyses that build confidence with your stakeholders. What we look for in you: A BA/BS in a quantitative field (ex Math, Stats, Physics, or Computer Science) with ≥5+ years of relevant experience or a PhD in a quantitative field with with ≥3+ years of relevant experience Demonstrated experience in driving impactful data science projects that tackle ambiguous problem spaces. Ability to influence external stakeholders by synthesizing data learnings into compelling stories. Practical expertise in applying complex modeling frameworks to practical business problems. Professional experience using SQL and Python. Experience working with digital products in an iterative development cycle. Demonstration of our core cultural values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution. Demonstrates the ability to responsibly use generative AI tools and copilots (e.g., LibreChat, Gemini, Glean) in daily workflows, continuously learn as tools evolve, and apply human-in-the-loop practices to deliver business-ready outputs and drive measurable improvements in efficiency, cost, and quality. Pay Transparency Notice: The target annual base salary for this position can range as detailed below. Total compensation may also include equity and bonus eligibility and benefits (including medical, dental, and vision). Annual base salary range (excluding equity and bonus): £122,400 — £136,000 GBP Application Limit: Candidates may submit a maximum of 3 applications within a 6-month period. Equal Opportunity Employer: Coinbase is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or genetic information. Applicants with criminal histories will be considered consistent with applicable federal, state, and local laws. US Applicants: View Employee Rights , Know Your Rights , and E-Verify Notice of Participation. Accommodations: If you are an individual with a disability who needs a reasonable acc