🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking. After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as personal and business bank accounts, we offer joint accounts , accounts for 16-17 year olds , a free kids account and credit cards in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also save , invest and combine their pensions with us. With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers! We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️ 📍London (Hybrid) / UK Remote | 💰 £90,000 - £120,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits ⭐Our Design team We’re a team of 115+ designers, researchers, and brand experts led by Chief Design Officer Vuokko Aro. We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. Product Design makes up almost half of our design disciplines, working in tight-knit squads alongside research, product, and engineering to solve real customer problems at scale. We design for the "magic moments" We’ve built a bank that feels human, not just functional. Our product is our personality. We blend research, empathy, and craft to turn everyday interactions into memorable experiences. Right now, we’re growing fast and looking for passionate designers to shape Monzo’s future and there’s a huge opportunity to make your mark. Applying to this role, you’ll be in a standard hiring process for a Lead Product Designer, and we’ll find the perfect team for you along the way. 🔑You’ll play a key role by... Tackling the most complex and ambiguous design challenges, turning complexity into elegant, scalable solutions that empower teams and improve the customer experience. Defining and delivering large-scale projects that connect initiatives across the business, using design methods to align strategies and drive impactful outcomes. Leading the creation of compelling product visions, principles, and direction that inspire teams to build toward a shared future. Using AI to level-up parts of your design workflow. Whether that’s ideation, analysis, prototyping or shipping production code to our app. Raising the bar for visual execution, considering motion, interaction, and mental model clarity to deliver delightful and practical solutions. Positively influencing our design system, tooling, and processes to improve how we create design at scale. Driving improvements across the business by connecting your work to wider goals and leveraging cross-functional collaboration. Acting as a role model in Design, sharing your work broadly, mentoring others, and contributing to the growth and success of the Design team. 🤩 We’d love to hear from you if… You have a proven track record of delivering impactful, customer-centric native-app designs that solve complex problems and drive commercial outcomes. You’re skilled at leading research, defining product visions, and aligning teams around a shared strategy. You excel at creating modular, scalable solutions and have a strong grasp of how to use design artefacts to communicate insights effectively. You’re a natural collaborator who can navigate multi-squad projects, align leadership, and drive clarity in ambiguous situations. You’re passionate about improving design systems, processes, and ways of working to help teams deliver better outcomes at scale. You’re a role model who actively contributes to the growth of the Design team through hiring, mentoring, and fostering a positive culture. You’re excited about Monzo’s mission to make money work for everyone and are ready to make a significant impact on our customers and business. 🙌What’s in it for you 💰 £90,000 - £120,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance ✈