About Us At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in. Available Locations: Austin, TX | London, UK | Lisbon, Portugal About the Department The Product Management team at Cloudflare steers the strategy, roadmap, and execution that powers a faster, more secure internet. As part of the Zero Trust Security organization, our Email Security team is redefining how the enterprise's most trusted — and most targeted — communication channel gets protected, evolving a platform already trusted by Fortune 500 and Global 2000 organizations into a fast, secure pillar natively integrated with Cloudflare's Zero Trust stack. About the role Email remains the most trusted, yet most targeted, communication channel in the enterprise. At Cloudflare, we have a proven email security solution which is trusted by Fortune 500 and Global 2000 organizations. We’re looking for an experienced, technical product manager to continue to differentiate our solution in the market, make difficult investment decisions, and own delivering an enterprise-grade email security platform that is fast, secure, and natively integrated with Cloudflare's Zero Trust stack. We are seeking an autonomous, determined, and pragmatic individual who possesses strong conviction, humility, and a decisive bias toward action. What you'll do In this role, you’ll be responsible for defining how some of the world's most sophisticated organizations protect their communication, leading the industry's shift away from legacy "boxes" toward an AI-first, cloud-native, and identity-aware security posture. Key responsibilities involve continuously investing in threat intelligence, sustaining current security detection capabilities, rapidly developing features, and expanding into new markets. Responsibilities Own Email Security. Architect and own the strategic roadmap for our Email Security solution, ensuring Cloudflare remains the definitive answer to evolving threats like Business Email Compromise (BEC) and advanced phishing. Shape Intelligence and Detections. Work alongside our Threat Intelligence and Detections teams to improve how customers consume, enforce, and understand Cloudflare One. Influence product direction, connect customer needs across the enterprise and own selected initiatives when dedicated leadership will accelerate an important outcome. Support Zero Trust Security. Bolster the seamless integration of Email Security into the broader Cloudflare stack, architecting a "better together" experience that bridges Gateway, CASB, 