We're transforming the grocery industry At Instacart, we invite the world to share love through food because we believe everyone should have access to the food they love and more time to enjoy it together. Where others see a simple need for grocery delivery, we see exciting complexity and endless opportunity to serve the varied needs of our community. We work to deliver an essential service that customers rely on to get their groceries and household goods, while also offering safe and flexible earnings opportunities to Instacart Personal Shoppers. Instacart has become a lifeline for millions of people, and we’re building the team to help push our shopping cart forward. If you’re ready to do the best work of your life, come join our table. Instacart is a Flex First team There’s no one-size fits all approach to how we do our best work. Our employees have the flexibility to choose where they do their best work—whether it’s from home, an office, or your favorite coffee shop—while staying connected and building community through regular in-person events. Learn more about our flexible approach to where we work. Overview Instacart’s Enterprise Platform team is responsible for the white-label product that enables retailers of all sizes to compete online through their own ecommerce experiences. The team is focused on platform growth and long-term retailer success — from onboarding new partners to helping them acquire, serve, and retain their end customers in ways that align with their unique brand and strategy. We are seeking a Senior Product Manager to own two important efforts: creative tools that give retailers control over their e-commerce theme and brand experience, accelerated with AI acting as the product lead for large enterprise retailers – shaping proposals, aligning complex retailer requirements, and guiding planning cycles that unlock mutual growth This role is one of the most dynamic and high leverage roles we have. It requires someone who can move fluidly between a long-horizon platform vision that they directly execute against and the near-term deal dynamics of enterprise sales, influencing multiple R&D to deliver cohesive, enterprise-ready solutions that retailers can confidently sign onto and scale with. The ideal candidate has exceptional operational rigor, strong cross-functional influence to deliver complex initiatives, deep trust-building abilities with senior executives, and the attention to detail necessary to apply structured, high-throughput thinking across a wide product surface. This PM will also be a core partner to multiple design and product teams, reimagining a creative toolkit that enables retailers to brand, design, and refine their storefronts. This will require an excellent understanding of the complexities of editing platforms and design systems that balance retailer control and conversion. About the Job Site Theming & Brand Platform Own the long term vision, strategy, and roadmap for site theming and content management — the tools that let retailers control how their ecommerce experience looks and feels across pages. Build a centralized platform where retailers configure and manage the visual representation of their sites, including navigation, typography, design system components Own the Digital Asset Manager (DAM): asset hosting, uploading, management, brand rules enforcement, and an API that enables retailers and internal teams to manage creative assets at scale. Define the right balance between retailer flexibility and platform coherence — enabling meaningful brand differentiation while preserving conversion. Partner closely with Design and platform engineering teams to build tools that serve both internal product teams and retailers. Shape the long-term vision for how AI can augment page editing and merchandising workflows, turning future capability into a near-term product strategy. Enterprise GTM & Retailer Partnership Enable and influence multiple product teams to build towards multi year ho