Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. It’s a big mission, and even though we've made a lot of headway, we still have work to do — and that’s where you come in! Our Product Managers (PMs) have ownership over product optimizations and features, from independently run experiments to major product decisions . Backed by strong analytical skills and business acumen, and inspired by access to senior leadership and transparency into how they make product decisions, our PMs develop insights that lead to new product ideas and Duolingo’s next beloved feature. Join our life-changing mission to develop education for our half a billion (and growing!) learners around the world. About the role... You'll be a product manager in our Learning Pillar and will be responsible for developing products that make learning a new language fun and effective, regardless of one's level. We've recently introduced a number of new ways to learn, including Stories, DuoRadio, Adventures, and Video Call, and are always looking for better ways to teach. You will partner with your cross-functional peers to build delightful learning experiences, shape our overall learning strategy, and impact the lives of tens of millions of learners. 🧠 You will... Be responsible for improving the learning experience through delightful and impactful products Drive product features through their entire creative cycle: ideation, specification, development, release, analysis, and iteration Establish the strategy for your focus area, and build alignment across product teams, cross-functional partners, and the leadership team Perform qualitative and quantitative research to explore and validate feature ideas Work with engineers to help guide feature development Perform experiment analysis on features and find opportunities for optimization Execute with urgency and excellence ✅ You have... A desire to make the world a better place through technology and education Experience generating outstanding results as a product manager Ability to utilize user insights, data, and statistical analyses to inform decisions Top-tier design sense -- every pixel matters at Duolingo Demonstrated ability to be resourceful, curious, and innovative The offered salary is dependent upon several factors, including work experience, skills, and internal peer comparisons. The posted range is subject to change in the future. For this role, base salary is supplemented by equity compensation. We encourage you to talk with your recruiter for more information related to compensation for this role! Salary Range: $182,800 — $247,300 USD Benefits: Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits here . Job Alerts: Sign up for job alerts here . Accommodations: We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact accommodations@duolingo.com . Equal Employment Opportunity: Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. Fraud Warning: Unfortunately, there is a rise in scammers pretending to be real Duolingo employees. Duolingo and our employees will never ask for your Social Security number, bank details, or passport info, and we’ll never ask you to deposit a check, purchase equipment, or exchange money during the interview process. Real Duolingo employees always use an email that ends in @duolingo.com or @recruiting.duolingo.com. Stay alert and double-check these details before sharing any information. By applying for thi