Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion, and trust, and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on the internet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics they care most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 130 million daily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources of information. For more information, visit www.redditinc.com . Reddit's growth is driving a rapid expansion of its world-wide team and the need for an experienced Senior Technical Program Manager to support the global sales organization through the next several stages of growth. This role will report into the Go-to-Market Strategy organization, and support our major Go-to-Market Systems initiatives. The Go-to-Market Systems team drives high impact projects that aim to build best-in-class tooling for our global sales organization, and enable seamless advertiser experiences. As a Sr. Product Manager on the Go-to-Market Systems team, your focus will be to build the foundations, tools and workflows that will accelerate the growth and efficiency of our GTM organization. You will own the vision, strategy and roadmap of sales technology projects that will drive organizational transformation for Reddit. You’ll collaborate with other GTM leaders, product leaders, data teams, and engineering to run ambiguous business problems into scalable solutions. Location : Must be based within a commutable distance of one of our hub offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, or New York Key Responsibilities Define and drive the product vision, roadmap and architecture for our sales teams focused on growing our advertiser base. Deeply understand problems faced by sellers and advertisers, and proactively identify opportunities to automate and improve the experience. Build best-in-class tools that improve seller productivity in areas such as account planning, customer health scoring, relationship management, data quality and enrichment, LOB expansion, etc. Improve the data foundations to power our AI-first strategy, including entity resolution, enrichment, and data orchestration. Use experimentation, metrics, and customer feedback to measure impact on seller efficiency, revenue, and quality. Lead cross-functional efforts across engineering, vendors, systems owners, and business stakeholders. Translate GTM strategy and operational needs into scalable product capabilities, PRDs, success metrics, and engineering priorities. Drive adoption and change management for new product capabilities across GTM teams. Qualifications 7+ years of product management experience across GTM systems, Enterprise SaaS technology, and AI-powered tooling. Strong fluency in modern GTM systems such as Salesforce, marketing automation, data enrichment tools, lead routing & scoring, billing, or customer lifecycle tools Proven ability to drive cross-functional influence, strategic alignment, and executive communication. Highly analytical and comfortable defining KPIs, running experiments, and using data to prioritize product investments Thrive in ambiguous, fast-moving environments that require continuous shaping, testing and quick improvements. Benefits: Comprehensive Healthcare Benefits and Income Replacement Programs 401k with Employer Match Global Benefit programs that fit your lifestyle, from workspace to professional development to caregiving support Family Planning Support Gender-Affirming Care Mental Health & Coaching Benefits Flexible Vacation & Paid Volunteer Time Off Generous Paid Parental Leave Pay Transparency: This job posting may span more than one career level. In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the form of restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also be eligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range of benefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, 