Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. It’s a big mission, and even though we've made a lot of headway, we still have work to do — and that’s where you come in! Our Product Managers (PMs) have ownership over product optimizations and features, from independently run experiments to major product decisions . Backed by strong analytical skills and business acumen, and inspired by access to senior leadership and transparency into how they make product decisions, our PMs develop insights that lead to new product ideas and Duolingo’s next beloved feature. Join our life-changing mission to develop education for our half a billion (and growing!) learners around the world. About the role... Duolingo is the world's most popular learning app. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test , and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math, Music, and Chess skills. As the Senior Product Manager for the Duolingo English Test, you'll drive product changes across the entire user experience: acquisition funnel, monetization, security, and test development. In addition to your product responsibilities, you'll partner with 90 cross-functional colleagues across engineering, AI research, design, marketing and more. Together, you’ll make sure that students can gain access to educational opportunities by taking an English test from the comfort of their home. With over 6,000 partner institutions, we are disrupting the high-stakes language-assessment market. If you love making a difference in the world through technology, this is the place for you. 🧠 You will... Establish the strategy for how we scale the test to more users globally Be responsible for improving the test experience and work closely with UI/UX designers Collaborate with AI researchers to develop novel features to improve the test’s security and efficacy Perform qualitative and quantitative research to explore and validate feature ideas Work with engineers to help guide feature development Execute with urgency and excellence ✅ You have... A desire to make the world a better place through technology and education Experience generating outstanding results as a product manager Ability to utilize user insights, data, and statistical analyses to inform decisions Top-tier design sense -- every pixel matters at Duolingo Demonstrated ability to be resourceful, curious, and innovative ⭐ Exceptional candidates will have... Advanced degree in Business, Computer Science, Design, Psychology, or equivalent Professional experience in areas highly related to our work as product managers at Duolingo, such as software engineering, design, data analysis, or language learning The offered salary is dependent upon several factors, including work experience, skills, and internal peer comparisons. The posted range is subject to change in the future. For this role, base salary is supplemented by equity compensation. We encourage you to talk with your recruiter for more information related to compensation for this role! Salary Range: $182,800 — $247,300 USD Benefits: Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits here . Job Alerts: Sign up for job alerts here . Accommodations: We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact accommodations@duolingo.com . Equal Employment Opportunity: Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally 