Who we are About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career. About the team The Product Design team is composed of several teams that work together to help define, create, and deliver all user-facing aspects of the Stripe brand and product. Product Design Managers work directly with Engineering leaders, Product Managers, Data Scientists, and Marketers in each product area. Together, they identify the strategy and vision, and drive execution for critical initiatives that create a world-class support experience for all Stripe customers and users. Global Payments builds on core Stripe financial products and creates solutions that empower businesses to expand into new markets worldwide without the friction of complex global operations. The sheer volume of payments that flow through Stripe on an hourly basis necessitates the highest level of craft and reliability, which means that Global Payments product designers have the chance to create and ship the best work of their careers. What you’ll do As the leader of the Global Payments Design team, you will shape the products and experiences that make it as easy for businesses to sell globally as it is to sell locally. This team oversees product experiences around cross-border commerce, covering local payment methods, global tax compliance, localized consumer experiences, and moving money across borders. You'll ensure that any business can use Stripe to reach customers anywhere in the world, including fast-growing companies that expect to operate globally from day one. You'll lead and grow a team of experienced designers who have a track record of navigating ambiguity and delivering high-impact solutions that improve payments experiences for Stripe users. Responsibilities Manage a growing, business-critical team of designers distributed across EMEA and APAC Expand the team to meet business demands and employee development needs Partner closely with Product Management leaders to identify, shape, and prioritize current and new product initiatives Work across Stripe teams and establish collaboration practices that result in holistic solutions for a horizontal product space Work closely with Product Management, Product Engineering, Marketing, and senior leadership to drive fast decision making, create clarity, and raise the bar for craft and impact Inspire, motivate, and lead designers across experience levels to do the best work of their careers Who you are We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement. Minimum requirements You have 5+ years of people management experience You have 8+ years of relevant design experience at a tech or product-driven company Preferred qualifications You excel at motivating and inspiring people to do their best work You have experience recruiting and building product design teams You are relentlessly user-focused You have experience designing for complex platforms and enterprise software You excel at both written and spoken communication You do your best work collaboratively You find a meaningful balance between speed, quality, and risky but interesting work