Who we are About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world's largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career. About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career. About the team The Product Design team defines and delivers user-facing experiences across Stripe. Product Designers work closely with engineers, product managers, researchers, strategists, operations, data scientists, and marketers to shape products from early strategy through launch and iteration. You'll join the Risk team, where design shapes how businesses get started on Stripe, stay compliant, and grow with confidence. Stripe's ability to innovate, expand globally, and serve the world's most ambitious companies depends on world-class risk management. But great risk management requires clear, trustworthy, and surprisingly well-crafted experiences during some of the most important moments in a user's relationship with Stripe. From onboarding and verification to account health, your work will help users understand what's happening, know what to do next, and feel confident that Stripe is growing with them as a trusted partner. Risk at Stripe is also evolving into a product pillar in its own right. As Stripe builds more modular, configurable, API-first risk capabilities, we have the opportunity to turn internal strength into external products for some of the largest and most innovative companies in the world to leverage. This role will shape that future. What you’ll do This role sits at the intersection of building trust in the internet economy, platform design, and new product creation, making it one of the most strategically important design opportunities at Stripe. You'll lead design across critical Risk experiences, shaping the strategy for new products, defining AI-driven and agent-friendly workflows, and setting design standards for the team. It's a strong fit for a designer who is energized by ambiguity, motivated by impact, and excited to shape the future of how businesses get started and grow on Stripe. Shape the future of Risk at Stripe, from core user journeys to entirely new product surfaces Design experiences that help users onboard quickly, stay compliant, and manage risk with clarity and control Partner with product, engineering, policy, operations, and research to define both near-term improvements and longer-term opportunities Raise the craft bar in a domain where quality and trust matter deeply Work across dozens of teams to create beautiful patterns for risk and compliance experiences across Stripe Responsibilities Explore, shape, and prototype new ideas and products Influence strategy through strong product thinking, storytelling, and design judgment Lead design on complex, cross-functional problems with multiple stakeholders and constraints Collaborate across the Risk team and the wider Stripe design team to influence the shape and visual standards for all product surfaces Help other Risk designers and cross-functional partners raise the bar on craft, and adopt systems thinking Who you are We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet t