About Pinterest: Millions of people around the world come to our platform to find creative ideas, dream about new possibilities and plan for memories that will last a lifetime. At Pinterest, we’re on a mission to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love, and that starts with the people behind the product. Discover a career where you ignite innovation for millions, transform passion into growth opportunities, celebrate each other’s unique experiences and embrace the flexibility to do your best work. Creating a career you love? It’s Possible. At Pinterest, AI isn't just a feature, it's a powerful partner that augments our creativity and amplifies our impact, and we’re looking for candidates who are excited to be a part of that. To get a complete picture of your experience and abilities, we’ll explore your foundational skills and how you collaborate with AI. Through our interview process, what matters most is that you can always explain your approach, showing us not just what you know, but how you think. You can read more about our AI interview philosophy and how we use AI in our recruiting process here . We’re looking for a Product Designer II to help define how Pinners receive, manage and engage with notifications on Pinterest. You’ll design thoughtful, end-to-end experiences across push, email and in-app surfaces that help Pinners stay informed, return to the product with purpose and build lasting connections with Pinterest. You’ll bring exceptional attention to detail, a love of experimentation and a high bar for visual craft. At Pinterest, AI isn’t just a feature—it’s a powerful partner that augments our creativity and amplifies our impact. We’re looking for candidates who are excited to explore how AI can strengthen their work while applying sound judgment and ownership to the final outcome. What you’ll do: Design and ship notification experiences across push, email and in-app surfaces on iOS, Android, desktop and web. Create clear, cohesive journeys spanning notification permissions, delivery, entry points, preferences and settings. Translate ambiguous product problems into clear design requirements, user flows and interaction patterns. Partner closely with product managers, engineers, researchers and data scientists to identify opportunities, design experiments and improve engagement outcomes. Use qualitative and quantitative insights to refine visual hierarchy, messaging, micro-interactions and the timing of notification experiences. Create high-fidelity designs, prototypes and detailed specifications that build on and extend the Pinterest design system. Clearly communicate design decisions, tradeoffs and recommendations, advocating for user-centered solutions that support product and business goals. Use AI-enabled workflows to accelerate exploration, prototyping and synthesis while validating quality, accessibility and Pinner impact. Share progress early, address blockers proactively and contribute to a respectful, collaborative working environment. What we’re looking for 2+ years of product design experience, ideally in growth, engagement or consumer-facing mobile products. A portfolio that demonstrates strong product and visual design craft, including end-to-end flows for mobile and web. Experience designing, shipping and iterating on consumer product experiences in close partnership with product management and engineering. Strong understanding of UX principles and the ability to translate business goals into testable hypotheses and experiments. A data-informed approach, with experience using research, experimentation and product metrics to improve designs. Ability to scope and drive projects in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment. Mastery of Figma, solid prototyping skills and experience producing clear handoff documentation for engineering. Thoughtful handling of edge cases, accessibility and user control in cross-channel experiences. Clear communication skills and a collaborative, low-ego approach 