Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion, and trust, and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on the internet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics they care most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 130 million daily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources of information. For more information, visit www.redditinc.com . The Team: Shopping at Reddit is one of the company's biggest bets. Shopping is core to Reddit's monetization strategy and Dynamic Product Ads (DPA) is one of our fastest-growing verticals. The Shopping product org has end-to-end ownership of how advertisers and Redditors interact with products and purchasing decisions. Our strategy is built on Reddit's unique strength - authentic, community-generated content. The Opportunity: The Product Catalog is the single source of truth for product data across paid and organic Shopping. It powers paid and organic shopping products and the Product Knowledge Graph (PKG). We're hiring a Product Manager to own Catalogs and Applied PKG end-to-end. The aspiration is to turn this asset into a platform that drives ROAS and powers product discovery across Reddit. This role sits at the intersection of advertiser tooling, product & content understanding and user experiences. You will partner deeply with the Catalogs engineering team, the Ads Content Understanding (ACU) team, and the Shopping product team across performance, formats and more. What You'll Do: Cut advertiser onboarding friction and prepare for the next phase of Shopping @ Reddit. Move catalog onboarding from days to hours through better error handling, automated feed-issue resolution, productID/item-group-ID matching improvements, and (longer-term) URL-to-catalog automation. Stand up the foundations of a Reddit Merchant Center. Ship the next phase of catalog innovation. Drive LLM-based catalog enrichment (fill missing attributes, improve descriptions, derive gender/age/category), catalog-driven ad overlays ("Popular with Redditors", "Top Pick", price/promo), and Catalog Insights that show advertisers how their products perform organically and paid on Reddit. Help advertisers with catalog diagnostics to improve performance on ads and organic offerings. Own the Catalogs & Applied PKG vision. Define the 1–3 year strategy that turns Catalogs into a platform - the spine connecting Reddit's paid and organic Shopping surfaces Unlock new advertiser demand through catalog capabilities. Land Limitless Catalogs (20M+ product catalogs for large retailers and marketplaces), regional metadata for global clients, and the Shopify integration that expands SMB Shopping on Reddit. Build the Universal Catalog and Applied PKG. Collaborate with content understanding teams to connect ad catalogs to the Product Knowledge Graph and organic product mentions on Reddit. Be the Shopping platform voice across Reddit. Represent Catalogs and Applied PKG in Shopping leadership reviews and exec readouts. What You Bring: Experience: 5+ years of Product Management experience. At least 3 years in AdTech, retail media, marketplaces, or shopping/e-commerce platforms. Commerce / Product Understanding : Experience with product knowledge graphs, product entity resolution, or product taxonomies at scale. An understanding of how digital shopping works across either organic or paid products. AI fluency. Comfortable with creating scalable agentic workflows, using AI for data analysis, task automation and more. Evidence of building AI products - either at work or as hobby. 0-1 instincts paired with execution rigor. You can scope an MVP, ship it, and then operate it. You've done both - built net-new and improved a running production system. Cross-functional leadership. You've delivered initiatives that span 3+ engineering teams plus PMM, Sales, and Ops. You communicate effectively with executives and earn trust with senior engineers. Bi