Who we are About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career. About the team Product Sales is a team of deep functional and technical specialists who both lead and advise on deals for the most strategically important products in Stripe’s portfolio. Stripe is investing in the growth of its Fraud & Risk business, helping users balance strong controls with seamless customer experience. As a Sales Manager of Fraud & Risk Product Sales, you will lead a high-performing team of product sales account executives and be a critical member of the leadership team responsible for growing adoption of Radar, Identity, Managed Risk, Dispute Prevention, and more across the Americas. Few roles offer such a direct opportunity to shape the commercial success of a strategic product area while developing the next generation of product sales leaders. What you’ll do As the Manager, AMER Fraud & Risk Product Sales, you will recruit, develop, and lead a team of product sales executives responsible for delivering ambitious growth goals across our Fraud & Risk suite. You will bring strong sales leadership, operating rigor, and a customer-first mindset to a complex and evolving product area. You will help your team navigate consultative, technical, and cross-functional sales cycles, partnering closely with Core Sales, Product, Solutions Architecture, Finance, Marketing, and Sales Development. The ideal candidate has demonstrated success managing and developing enterprise sales teams, bringing complex products to market, operating effectively through ambiguity, and building durable sales motions in a high-growth environment. Set a clear strategy and operating plan that delivers against pipeline, bookings, attach rate, adoption, and revenue goals. Manage day-to-day business operations, including pipeline creation, deal progression, forecasting, performance against targets, and inspection of key sales metrics. Partner closely with Core AEs to identify, prioritize, and execute on the highest-potential Fraud & Risk opportunities. Engage directly in the largest and most strategic opportunities, building executive relationships, shaping commercial strategy, and helping the team win. Develop and refine scalable sales motions for new business, expansion, and strategic account growth across Fraud & Risk. Build strong feedback loops with Product, Engineering, and Marketing to surface market needs, unblock critical deals, and improve the end-to-end customer experience. Inspire, motivate, and enable individual development, creating clear expectations and meaningful career growth opportunities for direct reports. Lead with clarity and context, communicating a compelling plan that is aligned with Stripe’s strategy and the broader Global Fraud & Risk organization. Continuously improve sales processes, operating mechanisms, and team effectiveness by sharing best practices and testing new approaches. Who you are We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement. Minimum requirements 10+ years of technology sales experience 5+ years of people leadership experience 3+ years of experience in payments or financial services industry Demonstrated success leading enterprise new-business and expansion sales motions Experience selling complex, technical, or regulated products through multi-stakeholder buying processes Ability to hire, train, and coach a high-performance