About Us At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in. Available Locations: Lisbon, Portugal or London, United Kingdom or Austin, Texas About the role The Egress team was formed to own a very important aspect of Cloudflare's Connectivity Cloud : egress connectivity for our vast portfolio of products. The team build and operate cutting edge network software infrastructure used by a growing number of Cloudflare products to connect to any destination from Cloudflare's network. Among the products powered by this technology is Dedicated Egress IP Connectivity , WARP, Cloudflare One/Zero Trust, and Cloudflare's egress proxy for the iCloud Private Relay product. Responsibilities As an Engineering Manager on the Egress team you will hire, mentor, and coach a distributed team of Software Engineers. You will play a key role in developing the team and shaping its culture and technical vision. This includes: Working closely with Product Managers and other Engineering leaders to communicate the vision, prioritize the team's roadmap, and achieve cross-functional objectives. Understanding the technical implications of work across a distributed software network infrastructure to influence scope, work across teams, and help unblock projects: from data planes responsible for delivery of critical customer traffic to distributed control-plane services. Applying technical experience to evaluate tradeoffs, contribute to design decisions, and help drive resolution to customer-facing issues, while creating space for engineers to lead design, implementation, and delivery. Taking responsibility for the team's production services by organizing on-call rotations, handling customer escalations, and overseeing incident response and follow-up. Driving reliability and automation improvements across the platform Using tools and processes to convey project status and resolve blockages. You are a growth-oriented individual who enjoys being outside of your comfort zone. You are comfortable in a fast-paced but sensible work environment. You value curiosity and empathy and lead with these values. Desirable Skills, Knowledge, and Experience: 5+ years experience as an Engineering Manager for a team of Software and Systems Engineers. Demonstrate a track record of managing a team including hiring, onboarding, and professional development. You inspire your team to reach higher. You're as good at explaining "why" as you are "how". Excel at planning and overseeing execution to meet commitments and deliver with p