Who we are About Stripe Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career. About the team The Global Demand and Field Marketing team builds full-funnel, integrated marketing programs that connect brand to demand across both sales-led and self-serve customer journeys. Working in close alignment with Product and Go-to-Market teams, we translate business priorities into cohesive campaigns that engage customers and drive measurable growth. In this role, you’ll collaborate closely with Integrated Marketing leads aligned to specific products and customer segments, as well as with regional demand generation teams. Your focus will be twofold: leading horizontal, cross-product campaigns and programs that bring together Stripe’s broader product portfolio, and owning Stripe’s global online events program. We’re looking for an experienced marketer and builder who can develop new and innovative ways to activate Stripe’s story in the market. You’ll be skilled at leading through influence across teams, turning complex and varied priorities into a clear strategy, and designing programs that can scale globally with simplicity and consistency. What you’ll do This is a hands-on role focused on activating multi-product solution stories and building global programs that benefit teams across products, segments, industries, and regions. You’ll own programs from strategy through execution, strengthening the marketing engine that reaches key decision-makers and creating a more consistent experience across customer journeys, channels, and campaigns. Responsibilities Own the strategy and execution of global, multi-channel horizontal campaigns that generate demand. This includes cross-product thought leadership and programs that amplify high-value content across paid media, content syndication, digital and in-person events, social media, and other channels. Partner with product- and segment-aligned Integrated Marketing leads and regional marketing teams to ensure horizontal campaigns are cohesive, complementary, and aligned with the end-to-end customer journey. Bring together partners across Product, Segment Marketing, Regional Marketing, Events, Sales Development, Sales, and Sales Operations to align priorities, execute integrated programs, and contribute to pipeline growth. Personally drive programs from brief development and stakeholder alignment through execution, measurement, and optimization, balancing long-term program development with near-term delivery. Evolve Stripe’s global online events strategy into a scalable, programmatic engine that supports priorities across products, segments, industries, and regions. Manage and support a small team,, providing clear priorities, coaching, and feedback while remaining directly involved in program strategy and execution. Identify and test innovative ways to reach and engage Stripe’s audiences, using the role’s broad remit to bring creative marketing ideas from concept to execution. Who you are We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement. Minimum requirements 8+ years of experience building and running demand generation programs at scale, such as in demand generation, growth marketing, integrated marketing, or regional marketing. Demonstrated experience developing multi-channel demand generation strategies and leading integrated activations across channels such as paid media, content, email, events, 