About Us At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in. Available Locations: Austin, TX | New York, NY | Lisbon, Portugal | London, UK About the Role As the Engineering Manager for our Developer Observability Platform you will manage a high-velocity customer-obsessed team. Your mission will be to empower customers by making their telemetry discoverable and actionable in one place. The team is international and distributed, they move fast and are deeply attuned to customer feedback. They bring a deep range of observability experience from major companies and fast-moving startups. This is a deeply cross-functional role that will need to understand the nuances of monitoring some of our most complex and high volume primitives such as Workers, Workers for Platforms, Agents, and Durable Objects. This is a high-visibility role that will be directly interfacing with some of our biggest customers. Responsibilities Deliver excellent customer outcomes above all else. Whatever is required - building, planning, deciding, designing, communicating - you are accountable and get it done. Set the technical and product vision along with your PM and Engineers. Build the right thing at the right time. Building an observability platform for the current AI driven ecosystem. Agents empower new types of platforms capabilities even as they require new types of observability. Own the operational aspects of your platform such as SLOs, incident response, customer escalations, and technical debt. Reliability is its own feature. Recruit, mentor, and grow engineers. We have a high bar and expect you to raise it. Cultivate a team culture that values fast iteration, high agency, and ownership. Work cross-functionally with a range of platform and product teams to instrument and surface meaningful data in actionable ways. Desirable Skills, Knowledge & Experience A minimum of 8 years of relevant industry experience, including at least 4 years managing software engineering teams. Proven track record leading teams that have shipped and operated complex, large-scale systems and data-driven applications. Preferably in observability, developer platforms, cloud infrastructure, edge/proxy systems, or high-scale APIs. Significant technical depth, with the ability to guide architectural discussions, make credible technical decisions, review designs, and unblock your team. Strong developer tools taste. You have used and built enough observability products to know what makes them delightful or painful. Demonstrated 