Ready to do the most impactful work of your career? At Coinbase , we are uncompromising on our mission to increase economic freedom. The bar is high, the environment is intense, and we like it that way. This isn't a place for complacency, it’s a place to be pushed past your perceived limits. If you're ready to build the future of finance alongside people who refuse to settle for "good enough," you belong here. Coinbase is a remote-first, but not remote-only company. Expect to get together quarterly for intense in-person working sessions called “surges.” learn more about working at Coinbase . As a Senior Strategic Program Lead on the Strategic Programs team within Customer Experience, you'll own the customer experience strategy for Coinbase's most critical onboarding journeys: identity verification, account recovery, login, and new-user KYC. This team sits at the intersection of Product and CX, focused on turning customer friction into prioritized product work and measurable improvements. You'll partner directly with Product, Engineering, and Design to influence roadmaps with customer-grounded data, making these first-impression moments seamless. What you'll do: Own the end-to-end CX strategy and program management for Identity and Onboarding, building and operationalizing long-term plans informed by customer feedback, contact rate analysis, business priorities and market trends. Partner with Identity and Onboarding Product, Design, and Engineering teams to influence roadmaps, ensuring the experience from in-product flows through support is intentional and high-quality. Build and maintain program scorecards tracking contact rates, CSAT, automation effectiveness, and quality guardrails, using them to frame product opportunities with clear impact sizing and prioritized recommendations. Drive launch readiness for Identity and Onboarding product releases, ensuring sad path experiences are fully scoped in partnership with Product, determine instrumentation requirements for our operational teams and leverage AI to build and ship features. Develop and implement strategies to optimize operations through an Eliminate, Automate, Optimize framework in close collaboration with Product, Operations, AI, and Analytics teams. Required Skills and Experience: 5+ years in product and/or program management, customer experience, or product operations at an enterprise-scale company. Demonstrated ability to use data (contact rates, CSAT, retention metrics, opportunity sizing) to build business cases, influence product roadmaps across Identity, Onboarding, or similarly complex product domains and ship solutions using AI. Track record of partnering with Product, Engineering, Design, and Analytics teams to deliver measurable customer outcomes, including defining KPIs, owning scorecards, and translating metric movements into clear narratives for leadership. Experience leading launch readiness and program execution for broadly defined business objectives without pre-established solutions, including managing cross-functional dependencies across multiple product areas. Utilizes generative AI responsibly, maintaining human oversight to deliver business-ready outputs and drive measurable customer improvements in efficiency, cost, and quality. PID: P77129 Pay Transparency Notice: Base salary varies by location (see range below). Total compensation may also include equity and bonus eligibility, and benefits (medical, dental, vision, 401(k)). Annual base salary range (excluding equity and bonus): $130,900 — $154,000 USD Application Limit: Candidates may submit a maximum of 3 applications within a 6-month period. Equal Opportunity Employer: Coinbase is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or genetic information. Applicants with criminal histories will be considered co