RDQ427R587 At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the world's toughest problems, from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the world's best data and AI infrastructure platform protected by the highest standards of security and compliance. Nowhere are those standards higher than in the US public sector. As the Product Manager for US Public Sector, you will own the roadmap that brings the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to every tier of the US Government mission, from federal civilian agencies and state and local governments to the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community. Your surface spans the full accreditation spectrum: FedRAMP on commercial clouds, the sovereign AWS GovCloud and Azure Government regions, and classified environments up to Top Secret. You will define the product strategy to identify, prioritize, and sequence where Databricks should invest next. As the voice of the government customer inside Databricks, you will shape and influence roadmaps across R&D so that our latest Data and AI innovations reach mission owners without compromising on security or sovereignty. You will partner cross-functionally with R&D, security, legal, GTM, and support teams, and directly with the public-sector field team, to enable adoption across the most demanding regulated environment in the world, empowering government customers to focus on their mission while relying on Databricks to meet the bar. The impact you will have Own the US public-sector product offerings end to end — from FedRAMP on commercial clouds, to AWS GovCloud and Azure Government, to DoD Impact Levels and classified environments. Design new features, and adapt existing ones, to meet the specific needs of the US Government and its regulated environments. Ensure compliance and authorization processes scale with Databricks’ rapid growth and with each new region and impact level. Launch public-sector offerings in close partnership with GTM and the public-sector field teams to accelerate adoption of Databricks’ Data and AI capabilities across federal, defense, Intelligence Community, and State, Local and Education customers. Partner with the Security Assurance, Corporate Operations, Sales and Engineering teams to define the company-wide public-sector compliance roadmap across all clouds, prioritizing and sequencing the authorizations (FedRAMP, DoD Impact Levels, and beyond) that open new government markets. Partner with cloud providers to coordinate product launches and obtain capabilities needed to support regulated customers. What we look for Product management experience with enterprise B2B or SaaS products, with experience delivering successful customer-facing products/features. Proven ability to lead customer conversations, write PRDs, define success metrics, prioritize features, and guide engineering and design execution Domain expertise in the US public-sector compliance and accreditation — e.g., FedRAMP, DoD Impact Levels (IL4/5/6), and NIST 800-53 — and with government cloud (AWS GovCloud, Azure Government) or classified deployments Experience launching enterprise products and driving adoption in large, complex organizations — ideally including US Government or other highly regulated customers Experience driving business results through influential leadership across multiple partner teams including engineering, sales, marketing, solution architects and customer success. US citizenship and ability to obtain and hold a security clearance [Preferred] Active US security clearance (i.e. Top Secret, or TS/SCI) Pay Range Transparency Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents the expected salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles. Actual compensation packages are based on several factors t