Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion, and trust, and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on the internet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics they care most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 130 million daily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources of information. For more information, visit www.redditinc.com . Reddit is continuing to grow our teams with the best talent. This role is completely remote friendly within the United States. If you happen to live close to one of our physical office locations (San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York City, or Chicago) our doors are open for you to come into the office as often as you'd like. Reddit's communities thrive when we can identify where growth is possible, understand what is driving or constraining it, and turn those insights into clear product and operating choices. We are looking for a Senior Manager, Community Growth & Intelligence to build this capability for the Community Growth organization. As a strategic and analytical force multiplier, you will turn open-ended opportunities into structured problems, quantitative opportunity sizes, investment cases, and executable plans. You will connect Community and Product strategy, establish operating and measurement rhythms, and make our impact clear to senior leaders. This is a hands-on player-coach role. You will initially lead a small team while staying close to the analysis, synthesis, and execution. The role sits at the intersection of community growth, community marketing, product strategy, and business operations. It is not a traditional community management role or a data science role. You should be comfortable working directly with data and going deep with Data Science partners without needing to be a data scientist. What You’ll Do Own the Community Growth intelligence agenda by identifying the highest-value strategic questions, prioritizing analytical work, and ensuring insights inform team and product roadmaps Frame ambiguous growth opportunities into clear hypotheses, analytical plans, opportunity sizing, and recommendations Build decision-ready investment cases that connect Community strategy, Product strategy, resource needs, expected impact, tradeoffs, and risks Establish metrics and measurement frameworks for growth initiatives, independently explore data, and partner with Data Science on Reddit's data architecture and deeper analyses Create a clear rhythm of business through portfolio prioritization, business reviews, progress reporting, and concise narratives about results and learnings Lead cross-functional initiatives from problem definition through execution, measurement, and iteration with Community, Product, Engineering, Marketing, Data Science, and Finance Serve as a thought partner to Community Growth leaders and senior stakeholders by challenging assumptions, surfacing tradeoffs, and aligning teams around the path forward Manage and develop a small team of analysts and strategists, with the opportunity to scale the function as its mandate grows Who You Are 8+ years of experience in community growth, community marketing, strategy and operations, product strategy, business analytics, management consulting, or a related field, including work on a consumer product or platform A track record of sizing opportunities, building investment cases, and translating analysis into prioritization decisions and measurable outcomes Strong analytical fluency, including advanced spreadsheet modeling and a working knowledge of SQL; you can perform hands-on analysis, interrogate imperfect data, and partner effectively with Data Science Experience defining KPIs and measurement frameworks and applying experimentation or other rigorous evaluation approaches Demonstrated experience managing and developing people while remaining willing to contribute directly Excellent written and verbal commu