We're transforming the grocery industry At Instacart, we invite the world to share love through food because we believe everyone should have access to the food they love and more time to enjoy it together. Where others see a simple need for grocery delivery, we see exciting complexity and endless opportunity to serve the varied needs of our community. We work to deliver an essential service that customers rely on to get their groceries and household goods, while also offering safe and flexible earnings opportunities to Instacart Personal Shoppers. Instacart has become a lifeline for millions of people, and we’re building the team to help push our shopping cart forward. If you’re ready to do the best work of your life, come join our table. Instacart is a Flex First team There’s no one-size fits all approach to how we do our best work. Our employees have the flexibility to choose where they do their best work—whether it’s from home, an office, or your favorite coffee shop—while staying connected and building community through regular in-person events. Learn more about our flexible approach to where we work. We're transforming the grocery industry At Instacart, we invite the world to share love through food because we believe everyone should have access to the food they love and more time to enjoy it together. Where others see a simple need for grocery delivery, we see exciting complexity and endless opportunity to serve the varied needs of our community. We work to deliver an essential service that customers rely on to get their groceries and household goods, while also offering safe and flexible earnings opportunities to Instacart Personal Shoppers. Instacart has become a lifeline for millions of people, and we’re building the team to help push our shopping cart forward. If you’re ready to do the best work of your life, come join our table. Instacart is a Flex First team There’s no one-size fits all approach to how we do our best work. Our employees have the flexibility to choose where they do their best work—whether it’s from home, an office, or your favorite coffee shop—while staying connected and building community through regular in-person events. Learn more about our flexible approach to where we work. ABOUT THE TEAM The Growth Design Team focuses on driving meaningful business impact through thoughtful strategy, experimentation, and exceptional craft. We design the end-to-end journeys that help customers discover, understand, and engage with the value of Instacart. Our work sits at the intersection of product thinking, brand expression, behavioral insight, and interaction design. We’re constantly exploring new ways to make growth experiences feel more useful, intuitive, expressive, and distinctly Instacart. We pride ourselves on a culture of experimentation, accountability, and craft, continuously evolving how we design for conversion, engagement, retention, and long-term customer value. ABOUT THE ROLE We’re looking for a Senior Product Designer II to join the Lifecycle & Growth team and help shape some of Instacart’s most important customer experiences. This role is ideal for a highly conceptual, craft-driven designer who is energized by ambiguous problems, 0→1 exploration, and bringing new ideas to life through exceptional visual, interaction, and motion design. You’ll work across high-impact Growth initiatives spanning partnerships, incentives, and lifecycle experiences. The work may include exploring new partner-led entry points, rethinking how incentives are surfaced and understood, or creating new lifecycle experiences that improve conversion, reactivation, and retention. You’ll work at the intersection of product, brand, content, interaction design, and growth strategy, deeply understanding both the customer experience and the business mechanics behind it to create new ways for people to discover, engage with, and return to Instacart. Many of these opportunities won’t start with a defined solution. You’ll be expect