We're transforming the grocery industry At Instacart, we invite the world to share love through food because we believe everyone should have access to the food they love and more time to enjoy it together. Where others see a simple need for grocery delivery, we see exciting complexity and endless opportunity to serve the varied needs of our community. We work to deliver an essential service that customers rely on to get their groceries and household goods, while also offering safe and flexible earnings opportunities to Instacart Personal Shoppers. Instacart has become a lifeline for millions of people, and we’re building the team to help push our shopping cart forward. If you’re ready to do the best work of your life, come join our table. Instacart is a Flex First team There’s no one-size fits all approach to how we do our best work. Our employees have the flexibility to choose where they do their best work—whether it’s from home, an office, or your favorite coffee shop—while staying connected and building community through regular in-person events. Learn more about our flexible approach to where we work. Overview We are seeking a Senior Product Manager to own the vision, strategy, and execution for Order Quality. This role sits at the intersection of shopper and customer experiences, working to improve item discovery and replacement workflows while ensuring customers can easily communicate their preferences. Fulfillment Order Quality is a critical driver of customer satisfaction and retailer trust at Instacart. You will define and deliver a roadmap that enables reliable fulfillment for our customers and retailers and efficient picking experiences for our shoppers. You will partner closely with a dedicated team of engineers, designers, and data scientists, collaborating across the organization to drive aligned priorities. About the Job This is an exciting opportunity to define the shopper and customers flows using cutting edge AI and LLM technologies. Own the end-to-end product strategy and roadmap for Order Quality within Fulfillment, driving iterative and new ideas from discovery through scaled launch. Partner with design and research to deeply understand customer and shopper needs, develop with a deep understanding of in-store retail shopping experiences Define success metrics and run a rigorous experimentation program (A/B tests, multivariate tests) to improve core outcomes such as engagement, conversion, and retention. Work cross-functionally with engineering, data science, operations, partnerships, legal, and privacy to deliver responsibly built features at scale, balancing speed with quality and compliance considerations. Build alignment across diverse stakeholders, communicate tradeoffs and decisions with clarity, and ruthlessly prioritize to maximize customer and business impact in a fast-paced environment. About You Minimum Qualifications You have 4+ years of product management experience, ideally within operationally complex physical environments You've built products end-to-end and know how to drive initiatives from early concept through scaled delivery. You're highly data-literate and comfortable navigating ambiguity with analytical rigor, using data to prioritize ruthlessly and make sound tradeoffs. You communicate complex ideas with clarity and influence — aligning cross-functional teams and senior stakeholders around shared goals without direct authority. You understand the shopper and customer experience deeply, and you hold yourself accountable to meaningful customer and commercial outcomes. You operate with an entrepreneurial mindset, comfortable moving fast in evolving environments while maintaining high standards. #LI-Remote Instacart provides highly market-competitive compensation and benefits in each location where our employees work. This role is remote and the base pay range for a successful candidate is dependent on their permanent work location. Please review our Flex First remote work policy here . 